really good we have an information
last minute to introduce everyone
you from here in the bigo cartago
will be close to the toll to be exact
in the white bridge sector a little
above where there was a
spectacular traffic accident to
look like a truck lost the brakes on
research subject what
really happened and produced the bulky
accident where they are involved
several motorcycles to this sector
we can see just the truck that
everything seems to indicate reiterated has not
confirmed he ran out of brakes there is a
motorcycle under the truck there is another
motorcycle that is next to there
on the gutter exactly two
motorcycles this truck that they see behind
mine was also affected in the
traffic accident is a minibus of
the central tax company and there is another
vehicle that is towards this side of
the way as you can see it
they are reached through the cnc camera
news
thankfully miraculously nobody
lost his life in this event
nice news we have to give
in that aspect there were wounded and some
figures, the authorities have not
delivered but were already transferred to
the respective medical centers to be
attended by the doctors we reiterate the
tragic accident of the appalling
traffic accident that is recorded in
the way cartago pereira or a few meters more
above white bridge where a truck
loses the brakes apparently and provokes
this great traffic accident where
come involved story 1 2 3
motorcycles there is a bicycle too
there is this minibus of the company tax
central and other service vehicle
public that apparently had as
destination the city of cartago and in the
half of the accident was overturned and went to
stop next to the opposite way the
information that we registered then
from the place of the news with the
camera of alejandro copete informed them
july cesar montoya